MTM-46009 Added a users guide for the microfrontends feature. (#543)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/administration-bundle/managing-applications.md

For details on the fields, see also [Application properties](#application-properties) below.

<a name="blueprint-application"></a>

> ##### To install from a blueprint

Reviewer: I find a mix of the terms "package" and "blueprint" here and below. What is the difference? We should be more precise here

Author: described below in the packages section

> ##### To install an application from a blueprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### To install from a blueprint
```

For details on the fields, see also [Application properties](#application-properties) below.

<a name="blueprint-application"></a>
##### To install an application from a blueprint

1. Click **Add application** at the top right of the **All applications** tab.
2. Select **Install from available packages**.
<br><br>

> <img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-blueprint-install.png" alt="Blueprint package">

Author: removed

<br><br>

> 3. In the resulting dialog box, enter the name of the application. The name will be shown as title of the application.

Reviewer: There is one step missing, isn´t it? I need to select a package?

Author: added.

</tbody>
</table>

> ### Application plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="application-plugins"></a>
### Application plugins
```

> Switch to the **Plugins** tab to view all plugins installed on an application. 

Reviewer: Add one more sentence, what plugins are. Perhaps the one you use below? "Plugins can be used to extend existing applications without the need of re-building the application."

Author: done

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-plugins-grid.png" alt="Plugins grid" style="max-width: 100%">

> In the **Plugins** tab you can manage all currently installed plugins. 

Reviewer: Perhaps add some more details here?

Author: done

</tbody>
</table>

### Application plugins

> To display a grid of all plugins installed on an application click on the **Plugins** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to the **Plugins** tab to view all plugins installed on an application. 
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-plugins-grid.png" alt="Plugins grid" style="max-width: 100%">

> In the **Plugins** tab one can extend the current application by installing or removing plugins. Additionally the view offers a grid view of all currently installed plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Plugins** tab you can manage all currently installed plugins. 
```

The selected application will be reactivated by removing the respective files from the application directory and unpacking the host application package again.

### Packages

Packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications. UI features can now be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. You can develop two types of applications:

> - **Plugins** can be used to extend existing applications without the need of re-building the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Plugins**](#application-plugins) can be used to extend existing applications without the need of re-building the application.
```

> Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. Packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications. UI features can now be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. You can develop two types of applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. Packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications. UI features can be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. Packages can consist of two types of applications:
```

> Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. Packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications. UI features can be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. Packages can consist of two types of applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together into a single package and then be deployed to the platform. Thus, packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across different applications and allow to add UI features to applications without coding knowledge. 

Packages can contain two types of applications:
```

> - **Blueprints** are compositions of multiple UI functionalities which can be hosted by the platform and can be used to create a new application from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Blueprints** are combinations of multiple UI functionalities which can be hosted by the platform and can be used to create a new application from scratch.
```

> Packages are compositions of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **Applications** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages are compositions of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **Applications** page.
```
```suggestion
Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **All applications** page.
```

> Packages are compositions of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **Applications** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **All applications** page.
```

> Packages can be located in the **Packages** tab in the **All applications** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages can be located on the **Packages** tab in the **Applications** page.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages.png" alt="Packages view">

> To add a new package click **Add Package**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new package click **Add Package** at the top right.
```

By clicking on a package, you can see the package details such as **Package overview** which includes a description and images as well as some meta information which is taken from the *package.json*.

Additionally, it is possible to view all available plugins within the selected package at the right. To install a plugin click **Install plugin** and select the desired application.  

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-info.png" alt="Packages overview">

> In the **Archives** tab, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded by clicking on the three dots next to each archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Archives** tab of the plugin, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded via the context menu next to each archive.
```

> In the **Archives** tab of the plugin, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded via the context menu next to each archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Archives** tab, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded via the context menu next to each archive.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-archives.png" alt="Archive view">

> In the **Versions** tab you can select or upload different versions. Versions indicate the state of the package. They can be used to verify whether a certain package is outdated and needs to be updated. By clicking on a version additional information is provided such as package contents, applications or plugins. Tags can be used to give versions meaningful names. The "latest" tag is used to indicate the default version which will be selected in case no tag is provided. The "latest" tag is set by default to the latest version whenever a version is uploaded without a given tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Versions** tab of a plugin, you can select or upload different versions. Versions indicate the state of the package. They can be used to verify whether a certain package is outdated and needs to be updated. By clicking on a version additional information is provided such as package contents, applications or plugins. Tags can be used to give versions meaningful names. The "latest" tag is used to indicate the default version which will be selected in case no tag is provided. The "latest" tag is set by default to the latest version whenever a version is uploaded without a given tag.
```

The selected application will be reactivated by removing the respective files from the application directory and unpacking the host application package again.

### Packages

Packages offer better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications. UI features can now be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. You can develop two types of applications:

- [**Plugins**](#application-plugins) can be used to extend existing applications without the need of re-building the application.

> - **Blueprints** are combinations of multiple UI functionalities which can be hosted by the platform and can be used to create a new application from scratch.

Reviewer: @eniosultan Above you use the terms "package" and "blueprint" interchangeable but they seem to be different concepts?

Author: added more info

Packages are combinations of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **All applications** page.

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages.png" alt="Packages view">

To add a new package click **Add package** at the top right.

By clicking on a package, you can see the package details such as **Package overview** which includes a description and images as well as some meta information which is taken from the *package.json*.

Additionally, it is possible to view all available plugins within the selected package at the right. To install a plugin click **Install plugin** and select the desired application.  

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-info.png" alt="Packages overview">

In the **Archives** tab of the plugin, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded via the context menu next to each archive.

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-archives.png" alt="Archive view">

> In the **Versions** tab of a plugin, you can select or upload different versions. Versions indicate the state of the package. They can be used to verify whether a certain package is outdated and needs to be updated. By clicking on a version additional information is provided such as package contents, applications or plugins. Tags can be used to give versions meaningful names. The "latest" tag is used to indicate the default version which will be selected in case no tag is provided. The "latest" tag is set by default to the latest version whenever a version is uploaded without a given tag.

Reviewer: @eniosultan Here I find a mixture of "package" and "plugin". It is the version tab of a plugin but it shows the version of the package? This is confusing :-).

Author: Added a bit more info above, but a plugin is a part of the package.

The selected application will be reactivated by removing the respective files from the application directory and unpacking the host application package again.

### Packages

> The Microfrontends feature offers better shareability and reusability of UI features across the different applications in the form of packages. With Microfrontends, UI features can now be developed as packages and added to an application without coding knowledge. Users have the ability to develop two types of applications:

Reviewer: Microfrontends feature > is this a known term for the user?

Author: @janhommes  Can we use the term "Microfrontends" or should we stick only to "Packages/Plugins"?

- **Plugins** can be used to extend existing applications without the need of re-building the application.

> - **Blueprints** are compositions of multiple UI functionalities which can be hosted by the platform and can be used to create a new applications from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Blueprints** are compositions of multiple UI functionalities which can be hosted by the platform and can be used to create a new application from scratch.
```

> Packages are compositions of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the "Packages" tab in the "Applications" page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages are compositions of plugins and blueprints which can be packed together in a single package and can be deployed to the platform. They are located in the **Packages** tab in the **Applications** page.
```

> To add a new package click on the "Add Package" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new package click **Add Package**.
```

> <img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages.png" alt="Packages view">

Reviewer: Move the image before the previous sentence.

Author: Done

> By clicking on a package, one can view additional data related to the package such as "Package overview" which includes description and images as well as some meta information which is taken from the "package.json".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on a package, you can see the package details such as **Package overview** which includes a description and images as well as some meta information which is taken from the *package.json*.
```

> Additionally, it is possible to view all available plugins within the selected package on the right hand side. To install a plugin simply click on the "Install plugin" button and select the desired application.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, it is possible to view all available plugins within the selected package at the right. To install a plugin click **Install plugin** and select the desired application.  
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-info.png" alt="Packages overview">

> In the archives tab, one can see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed in that view can be downloaded by clicking on the three dots next to each archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Archives** tab, you see all previously uploaded binaries related to the current package. The binaries displayed on this tab can be downloaded by clicking on the three dots next to each archive.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-application-packages-archives.png" alt="Archive view">

> In the versions tab it is possible to select or upload different versions. Versions will indicate the state of the package. They can be used to verify whether a certain package is outdated and needs to be updated. By clicking on a version it is possible to observe additional information such as package contents, applications or plugins. Tags can be used to give versions meaningful names. The "latest" tag is used to indicate the default version which will be chosen in case no tag is provided. The "latest" tag is set by default to the latest version whenever a version is uploaded without a given tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Versions** tab you can select or upload different versions. Versions indicate the state of the package. They can be used to verify whether a certain package is outdated and needs to be updated. By clicking on a version additional information is provided such as package contents, applications or plugins. Tags can be used to give versions meaningful names. The "latest" tag is used to indicate the default version which will be seected in case no tag is provided. The "latest" tag is set by default to the latest version whenever a version is uploaded without a given tag.
```
